We have created the following 3 files:
    Q2MAIN : The program that acts as the shell
    Q2DIR : External file for handling dir command
    Q2DATE : External file for handling date command

Q2MAIN :
    Functions : 
        segmentation : Breaks string recieved as input to words for processing.
        command_check,check_fname,check_option : Functions that check their portion of string in command for errors.
        error_check : Master function for all type of error checks.
        error_message_printer : Function to print error as per the type of error (self defined) recieved.
        
        word : This acts as our internal word command. We call it for executing any word command.
        word_count_calc : Function which assists word function by reading data from file and counting words, one sentence at a time.
        counting_words : Function which assists word_count_calc by counting words in each sentence. Takes care of -n option.

        exec_command : Our command runner. No matter which type of command, its execution after all error checks is done by this.

    Methodology Used : 
        1) First take input from user using gets(), split it into words using segmentation.
        2) Apply error checks on splitted string for any issues.
        3) Begin execution of command using exec_command function.
        4) Exec command executes either of the 3 types of command by suitable code. Takes care of options given in itself only.
            word: Calls internal word() function with required arguments to count words in given file.
            dir:  Forks a new process for external command dir(). Uses execvp() to send command string to Q2DIR program. Waits 
                  till it completes its function before proceeding. The Q2DIR creates a temp file storing the cwd() to which shell 
                  should change directory to. After child process terminates required directory changes take place and temp file is deleted.
            date: Forks a new process for external command sate().  Uses execvp() to send command string to Q2DATE program. 
                  Waits before continuing onwards.
        5) This cycle is repeated until user exits.

Q2DIR : 
    Functions :
        recur_remove_directory : Removes all files and folders inside directory recursively and then removes the directory itself.
                                 This is called in case directory exists and -r is specified.
        directory_change_write : Creates temporary .txt file storing new directory path for main shell to change to.

    Methodology Used : 
        1) First the command string is fetched and checked for options specified. We proceed accordingly.
        2) mkdir() command is used to try and make directory. It already exists appropriate action is taken.
        3) In case -r command is specified and directory exists, recur_remove_directory() is called to remove old one.
        4) In case -v command is specified, after completion of removal/creation/path change, a text is displayed using if, printf commands.

Q2DATE : 
    We have assumed user won't write : date -d "last week" file.txt
    And will instead write : date -d "lastweek" file.txt

    Functions :
        newvalue : Returns the offset value in seconds based on STRING entered if -d enabled.
    Methodology Used : 
        1) First the command string is fetched and last modified details for file specified are fetched.
        2) Now the details are converted to human readable string form.
        3) As per options specified, this last modified details string is modified and printed.